Kotlin in Datalore (#3084)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/data-science-overview.md

Check out Kotlin kernel's [GitHub repo](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlin-jupyter) for installation 
instructions, documentation, and examples.

### Kotlin Notebooks in Datalore

> With Datalore, you can start using Kotlin in the browser straight out of the box, no installation required. You can also collaborate on Kotlin notebooks in real time, get smart coding assistance when writing code, and share results as interactive or static reports. Check out a [sample report](https://datalore.jetbrains.com/view/report/9YLrg20eesVX2cQu1FKLiZ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Datalore, you can use Kotlin in the browser straight out of the box, no installation required. You can also collaborate on Kotlin notebooks in real time, get smart coding assistance when writing code, and share results as interactive or static reports. Check out a [sample report](https://datalore.jetbrains.com/view/report/9YLrg20eesVX2cQu1FKLiZ).
```

<!--<img src="kotlin_in_datalore.png" alt="Kotlin in Datalore" width="800"/>-->

> ![kotlin_in_datalore](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73881741/181792090-9c9e0d75-1c2c-4e53-8e56-349b8bfe9921.png)

Author: I cannot. I don't have access. 'Uploads are disabled'

> ![kotlin_in_datalore](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73881741/181792090-9c9e0d75-1c2c-4e53-8e56-349b8bfe9921.png)

Reviewer: Oh, I see. So let's merge this one and then I'll update the pic in the separate PR.

> Use Kotlin with a free Datalore Community account. [Register here].

Reviewer: Could you provide a link here?

Author: http://jetbrains.com/datalore
